feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579de1f43444d2869022c6d.md

---
id: 6579de1f43444d2869022c6d
title: Task 41
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-41
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Bob: "Just share the code with me, and I'll dive in."
-->

# --description--

Bob's response indicates his willingness to look closely at Sophie's code. Understanding this offer of help is key in professional communication, especially in teamwork.

# --question--

## --text--

What is Bob indicating with his statement?

## --answers--

`He will quickly glance at the code later`

### --feedback--

> 'Dive in' means he plans to look at the code in detail, not just a quick glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Dive in` means he plans to look at the code in detail, not just a quick glance.
```
